What a wonderful few nights we've had.
Some of you have been here every night.
Thank you for joining with us.
Now, all these three nights we've been in John chapter three.
And at first night we're John chapter three, verse 16, for God so loved the world that he gave us one and only son that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
Last night we looked John 3 17, for God did not send his son into the world to condemn the world.
but that the world through him should be saved.
And tonight we're looking at the first 8th verses of John 3, but there's only one verse that I want to focus on, but just to get the context, I want to read the first 8th verses, but it's first 8th.
And it's Pentecost.
Yes?
What on earth's that?
Some of your family.
Well, you could be forgiven and wondered what it was, because a lot of the churches that we go to here in Ireland, they celebrate Christmas, and they celebrate Easter.
But they don't celebrate Pentecost.
I hardly even use it.
I remember standing up and a church wants to preach on the Holy Spirit.
And then somebody told me it's Pentecost today.
And I didn't even know that.
So daft I was.
But the Lord showed up anyway on Pentecost Sunday.
But it's not that this is the only day we think about the Holy Spirit.
But it's important to think about it.
We're going to do that just now.
Verse 1 through Adverse 8 of John 3.
Now there was a Pharisee, a man named Nicodemus, who was a member of the Jewish ruling council.
He came to Jesus at night and said, Rabbi, we know that you are a teacher who has come from God, for no one could perform the signs or the miracles you are doing if God were not with him.
Jesus replied, very truly I tell you, no one can see the kingdom of God unless they are born again.
How can someone be born when they are old?
Nicodemusus.
Surely they cannot enter a second time into their mother's womb to be born.
She was confusing physical things with spiritual things.
Don't do that.
Jesus answered, very truly I tell you, no one can enter.
He did say, see?
Now he's saying you can't see it and you can't enter the kingdom of God.
Unless they are born of water and of the spirit.
flesh gives birth to flesh, but the spirit gives birth to spirit.
You should not be surprised at my saying, you must be born again.
This is our verse.
Jesus said, the wind blows wherever it pleases.
You hear it sound, but you cannot tell where it comes from or where it is going.
So is it with everyone born of the wind?
Is that up there?
It says spirit, but it's actually the word wind.
And it's right to translate a spirit, but right through this passage, the word for wind and the word for spirit is the same word.
And the Greek language that the New Testament was written.
And it's the word numa.
And it means spirit, but it also means wind or breath.
And if you think of some of the words we have in English, the root word is that Greek word, numa.
So, pneumatic.
If you've got a pneumatic drill, it's an instrument that is operated by air, and some pneumatic machines have gas in them.
But the idea of wind behind it.
Pneumonia is a problem with your lungs, the disease in your lungs, where you're breathing in air.
And there are other words that don't start with numa, like apnea, see my idea, but it involves, you know, your sleep and your breathing, because you're sleeping, because your problem with your breathing.
Sneer is another word with the root word, numa, and the idea of sneering, you're almost,
golfing with your breath or sneeze.
That's got that root in it or snore.
Don't be doing that tonight.
But you've got the idea that there's this, just like the Greek word numem means all of those definitions, spirit, breath and wind.
It's expressed in even those English words.
But did you know in a natural sense that the wind is one of nature's genius secrets?
Look it up in the internet like I did.
Lewis invisible, wind plays a powerful role in keeping this earth going.
Let me give you a number of reasons.
One, wind helps plants grow.
It carries seats far and wide across the countryside, even across the world, giving them a better chance to grow in the right place.
It spreads pollen if you've got hay fever.
I wish you didn't be in here.
But that's why we've got the problem with these allergies at times because the pollen is flying all around in the wind, because the wind
helps nature reproduce brings life to when keeps the air alive.
Did you know when moves carbon dioxide to plants for what we call photosynthesis and it spreads oxygen so that animals and humans can breathe and also helps clear pollution from the air?
Three, when ships are weather.
Did you know when spreads heat and moisture around the planet
bringing rain to dry areas, cooling hot places and warming cold ones.
It creates rich variety in our climate.
And ecosystems exist because of wind.
Four, wind moves life.
The birds migrate.
The butterflies even do you.
And insects as well.
And they ride on the current of the wind.
Five, wind powers the ocean.
Did you know that?
It drives surface currents that help balance
There's temperature, it stirs up nutrients from the deep sea, feeding marine life.
Isn't the wind amazing?
It's a mover, it's a climate engine, it's a life giver.
In other words, it connects, it distributes and it supports life across the planet.
So next time you feel a breeze, remember it's more than just air, it's actually life and motion.
Jesus said the Holy Spirit is likely when
brings life, connects, shifts things, changes things.
And we cannot see the wind, like the Holy Spirit cannot be seen.
The wind is invisible to our eyes, yet wind can be felt and the Holy Spirit can be felt.
We can't see it, but we can see its effects.
Now think about a windy day.
You stab out of your house and you can't see the wind.
But you know it's real because you can see what it does.
The trees are moving, the leaves are blowing, and you feel it on your skin.
The spirit works like that in an invisible way, but it has effects are seen.
When he enters into someone's heart, it's like a hurricane.
You see the change.
You maybe don't see him coming in.
to a person's soul and spirit, but you see what happens when he does.
And yet there are some of you here tonight and you're maybe trying harder to be a Christian or trying to please God with your prayers or your good living.
But what you need is what Jesus talked about to be born again.
In other words, to start all over again.
The analogy is often made
of the caterpillar that breaks out of that chrysalis that's been in for so long and has been metamorphosized literally into the butterfly.
And you know that word metamorphos is a biblical word.
It's found in 2 Corinthians 5 and 21 that if anyone is in Christ, they are a new creature.
All things have passed away and behold, all things have been made new.
It's not a new start to your life.
It's a complete new life to start with.
Have you experienced that?
I'm not asking you to go to church.
I'm not asking you to pan.
I'm not asking you to baptize, calicize.
And I'm not saying those things are wrong.
I go to all the different types of churches.
But that is not how you come to know God.
That's not how your sins get forgiven.
That's not how you relate to God as your father.
I know that you're going to heaven once you die.
It is being born again.
Completely transformed from the inside out.
And when you truly
Trust in Jesus as your Savior, the Holy Spirit comes into your heart, into your life.
In fact, He gives you a new heart the Bible says, with new desires, with new passions.
It beats with a new rhythm.
You've got a new reason to love.
You've got a different identity.
There's so much talk around identity politics, but Jesus gives us our true identity back
Again, if you've got an identity crisis, get born again.
Feel like the life that you have, the harm that you've been dealt, get a new one.
Be born again.
A lot of people don't realize they want to start again.
They want to turn over a new leaf.
That's not the deal.
You know what the gospel is?
I'm sorry to break it to you.
But we're all such a mess that we have to die.
Now, I was talking the other night about God loving you.
You go for God's sort of the word.
But I'm here tonight to tell you, God wants to kill you.
You like that?
No, he doesn't want to murder you, but he knows the only answer for us and our sin is that we die to that old sinful self.
Do you realize that God looked at us after we sinned in the Garden of Eden?
And God knew the only way I'm going to fix these folks is if I possess them.
I'm going to have to come and live in them.
And that's what the cross is all about.
Because when Jesus died, He didn't just die for you.
He died as you.
Thank God the old David leg.
died when Jesus died.
When Jesus was buried, the old David leg was buried with Jesus Christ.
And when Jesus rose from the dead, he left David leg behind him, and he rose in the power of an everlasting eternal life.
And I rose with him as a new David leg.
Now, I'm not saying I don't have the same problems, I've always had.
I still struggle with temptation.
I still sin.
But I believe the gospel that the power to overcome all that is not in the old David lead, but it's in Jesus Christ who lives in me.
It is no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me.
And the life I now live, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave Himself for me.
And that's what panty causes all about.
God says, if I'm going to save and rescue these people and fix them, I'm going to have to possess them.
And God wants to come to live within you.
He wants to fill you up with his very own life, which is the Holy Spirit.
And that's why when Jesus rose from the dead, we read in verse 20, verse 21 and 22 of the gospel of John.
It says, Jesus, now he's died, he's risen again, and he's standing in front of the disciples.
And he says to the peace be with you.
Do you need peace tonight?
He said, peace be with you.
As the Father has sent me, I am sending you, listen to this.
And with that, He breathed on them, and said, receive the Holy Spirit.
That's just what happened to Adam.
Called me at Adam out of the clay, and it says, He breathed ruch as the Hebrew word, which means wind, breath,
and Adam and he became a living being.
And now Jesus is breathing.
The one who created Adam is breathing air over the disciples.
But listen, when God breathed air out, you've got to breathe it in.
I swear you breathe.
You come to a barn to find out.
That's how you breathe in.
And at Pentecost, God breathed on His church.
But listen, you've got to breathe the Holy Spirit in.
In Acts chapter 2, there was the sound of a mighty rushing wind.
We've heard of it already tonight.
And it was the Holy Spirit coming, the sound of a wind like a train.
Thunder's train.
John 3, verse 8 that we read tonight, our verse talks about the wind blows.
It means literally blows hard.
It's the word we get foam from, faunee.
It's a low sound.
In Acts 2, verse 2, it says there was a sound of a rushing mighty wind, and the word for sound there is the word we get echo from.
So if you imagine this huge thunderous sound echoing around the disciples, this was the Holy Spirit coming.
And it says they spoke with all their tongues, no one tongues, demanding that people in Jerusalem over there for the feast of Pentecost,
with some of them are unknown tongues, Paul tells us his current things.
But isn't it interesting that when the Holy Spirit comes and immerses and baptizes and fills these believers that it affects their mouth on the words that they speak through air, through wind, through breath?
And it says we confess
Jesus is Lord by the power of the Holy Spirit.
No man can confess Jesus Lord without the Holy Spirit.
But it's through your words, through your breath, through your mouth.
Paul says in Ephesians 5, 18, be continually being filled with the Holy Spirit, speaking to yourselves in Psalms and hymns and spiritual songs and making melody in your heart to the Lord.
We're so coming to your mouth.
And some of you are here tonight and you have never confessed.
Jesus Christ is Lord with your mind.
You've never confessed the belief that God raised him from the dead and he is who he said he is.
You've never been truly born again.
You've never been filled by the Spirit, some of you.
Will this be your night?
I could go on and on and on, but I'm not going to.
I'm going to invite you this evening.
to be born again, to receive the wind of the Spirit.
It's not a physical wind.
Sometimes it might manifest as a physical wind, but I want to tell you here tonight, some of you are feeling not a physical wind, but a spiritual wind blowing over you.
a lie, the Holy Spirit, just like a seal being set in the ocean, just like one of those wind socks that you see at the airport.
You know one of the orange fabric things on a pole?
Like the wee fella once said to a pilot, how do you make that stay that way?
He says, no, we don't make it stay that way.
We just are erected on the wind blue thread.
You can't manufacture being born again.
But what you can do here tonight is position yourself in a place of humility and a place of surrender, a place of belief and say, Lord, I choose to believe that you died on that cross so that all my old self could die out.
And I could turn from my sins
and my addictions and my brokenness and my problems.
And I would be able to turn to you because you're alive and can come and live in me and change me and make me a new person.
That's what you need tonight.
Let's pray.
Now, each night I've been giving you an opportunity to pray a prayer.
Those of you who don't know Jesus Christ is your Savior.
And I want you to understand what we're doing here.
This is for people who have never been born again, never come to Jesus and you don't have the assurance that He is your Lord and Savior.
You might be religious, you might be Protestant and brought up in the church Sunday school what we heard of.
You might be Catholic and you've gone to Mass and all the rest and that's fine.
We're not saying anything wrong about going to church.
What we're saying is that's not the daily.
It's about
being born again, being a new person.
It's a personal thing between you and God.
And then you go to church, and that's great.
But that is the famous person that said, going to McDonald's doesn't make you a hamburger.
Sleeping in the garage doesn't make you a car.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian.
You understand?
So if you realize that tonight and you know what Shirley's talking about, what I'm talking about, and Jesus said to this religious man, Nicodemus, you don't have, and you want to come to Jesus and know this new life,
and be this new person.
You pray after me this prayer and mean it from your heart.
It's not magic words or some mantra, but if you by faith pray it and mean it, God promises that he will hear you.
Okay, so pray after me.
Oh God, I come to you just between you and the Lord from your heart.
Oh God, I come to you in the name of your son.
Repeat it.
The Lord Jesus Christ.
I confess I'm a sinner.
I turn from my sin to you for mercy and forgiveness.
I thank you that Jesus died from me.
I confess him as my Lord.
I ask you to cleanse me of my sin.
Make me your child.
I renounce Satan and all his works and all his empty promises.
And I ask you now that you will come and fill me full of the holy spread that I may live a life that is pleasing to you.
Pop ties me, immerse me, fill me with the power of the breath of God.
I thank you that you have heard my prayer in Jesus' name.
Now let's keep our heads bowed, please, and just respect people's privacy as they deal with God.
Now listen, I'm not going to embarrass you or bring you out the front or draw attention to you in any way.
But we have said another night, and it is important,
The confession is good.
The Bible talks about confessing Jesus Christ with their mouth.
But a way we can do it as well, I would encourage you to do it with your mouth, but it's to just raise a hand to say that you pray a doubt prayer.
To say that you took that step of faith tonight and you pray a doubt prayer and meant that I recited just now between you and God.
Would you be willing tonight?
And you can just put your hand open down again immediately as when I see it, put it down.
But would you be willing to confess that you have taken that step of faith tonight?
And for the first time in your life, you trusted Jesus as your Savior.
And you've asked Him for this new birth.
That's like erecting the seal for the breath of God that's blowing through this place tonight and positioning yourself in surrender.
You're surrendering yourself tonight to Jesus Christ.
Would you raise your hand just where you are?
God bless you.
And put it down.
Anyone else?
Thank you, Jesus.
Anyone gonna follow?
Just put your hand up and down if you prayed that prayer.
And we'll see it.
Anybody else?
Now I believe there are others and last night there was some people came to me afterwards on Trust of Christ just over here in the corner.
So you'd put your hand up doesn't do anything essentially but
It's a way to indicate.
Now I'm just wanting to give another opportunity here.
Is there anyone who didn't pray the prayer?
But you want to get right with God.
And you know maybe like Shirley that I heard from Ian last night, you can't miss your opportunity.
The wind blows work at once.
And when the spirit's blowing past here, you can feel your need.
But there could be a day that the spirit's not blowing your way and you miss it.
So don't make that mistake.
So is there anyone and you want to take that step right now and put your hand up where you are and I'll lead you in another prayer.
Is there anyone just where you are?
Put your hand up and I'll lead you in that prayer just between you and God.
Are there any backsliders who have walked away from Jesus and you need to come back to the Savior tonight?
Would you raise your hand just where you are?
Come on now.
This is a big place and there's a lot of backsliders in it.
There, I'm telling you, the end of this three nights of meetings, are you going to come back to the Lord?
Are you going to repent and confess your sin again and come home to Him?
Where are you?
Put your hand up where you are.
And maybe it's more about this tonight.
We need Christians baptized and filled with the Holy Spirit.
Now, people make a whole lot of hurdles for people to jump through, but I want to tell you, just like getting saved is by faith.
It's a free gift of God by grace, and you receive it by faith.
So is being baptized in the Holy Spirit.
Don't let anybody tell you anything else.
Now, there are signs of what happens, but it's not by grace and faith, and you have to fast for 40 days and do spiritual somersaults.
It's not by grace, and it's not by faith.
All right?
and the witness over.
The witness has been done.
They did that for 10 days between the ascension and Pentecost.
The spirit is here.
Now you might wait for a witness or a sign or confidence and an assurance.
That's a whole other thing.
But if you don't take it by faith, I'm telling you that would probably not come.
The same way as if you say to me, I'm not sure I'm saved.
I've asked the Lord to save me.
I believe He died for me.
What would I be telling you?
I'd be telling you, well, you need to take God of this word and believe it.
And the assurance will come when you take God as word and believe it.
And I want to tell you, if you're looking for floating in the clouds or bright flashing lights or even the gift of tongues, you're looking in the wrong place.
And I believe in the gift of tongues.
And I believe it's one of the signs of being baptized and filled in the spirit, but it's not synonymous with it.
And what I mean by that is you've got to take it by faith, faith alone, and let God witness it to you.
How he sees fit, and it might well be by faith open in your mouth, and letting that breath come out, and God speak through you.
But you understand what I'm saying.
Some people are looking for a gift, but they're not wanting the giver, and they're not wanting to surrender their whole lives, and I'll tell you another thing.
The baptism of the Holy Spirit is given so that you would be witnesses, Jesus says, to me, in Jerusalem, in Judea, in Samaria, in the other most parts of the world, and some of you just want to buzz up your back.
That's not what it's about.
It's about being witnesses, and that's the word martyr.
It's about laying down your life for Jesus.
Who wants and has never been baptized in the Holy Spirit, and you want to take that step tonight, or whatever terminology you call it, all right?
But you need the Holy Spirit.
Raise your hand.
There's a few.
Anyone else?
I want you to pray a prayer.
Yeah?
We'll put your hand up.
Anybody else?
Before I pray this prayer.
You can get prayer after from people, because sometimes they're laying on a hands is the way some people receive, but it's not
I have to.
Holy Spirit can come when you just now and fill you.
Will you come and pray this prayer?
Lord Jesus, I thank You for Your promise and the promise of Your Father for the enduement of power from on high, for the baptism and fullness of the Holy Spirit.
And I believe Your Word that You want me to live in fullness.
And upon Your Word, I believe
And I choose to receive now by faith.
I believe I am receiving from you what you have promised.
Now get that right.
You're not looking for something in order to believe it.
You're believing it in order to be looking at something in a little while.
Okay?
It's the evidence of faith.
Faith is the evidence of things not seen.
You're not seeing anything.
You might not be feeling anything.
That's not what we're looking for, we're holding the God's word.
His promise, He promised this.
And no matter what you feel like when you leave this meeting, you know what you need to do?
You need to say, I have received and you need to start praising Him for His promise of the Holy Spirit.
And I believe that's when you'll start to break through.
Get some prayer afterwards and who knows what will happen.
But please, I feel the Lord on this point.
Some of you have been waiting and agonizing and go, God never intended that.
The agonizing has been done.
It is finished.
It's a free gift.
Receive it.
And some of you here tonight need joy and you need love and you need holiness.
You need a fruit of the spirit manifest in your life.
And we're obsessed sometimes with the gifts, but some of you are struggling with happiness and depression and oppression.
because you're not filled with the Spirit.
Give them all the keys of your life tonight.
To every room, that thing that you're withholding.
And I talk to people and they say, why am I not healed yet internally, mentally, emotionally?
But there are things they know and I know that they're holding back from God.
There are forgiveness issues at times that they're not dealing with.
Not saying that's why you're sick or anything.
That's not what I'm saying.
Don't miss quote me.
But I'm saying some people don't get breakthrough because there's things they're holding onto with grim death.
Well, you let go of that tonight and let God fill you and possess you.
And I remember you were filled 40 years ago, but you've been dripping for years.
You need to get filled, refilled.
That's the Bible.
Not once and for all.
It's continually being filled.
every single day because we lick.
That's all stand together.
Can we sing Spirit of the Living God for all of fresh on on us, whatever version you like?
Sorry to take over.
I'm going to pray for you after we sing this and then I'll hand over to the folks.
Remember, if you put your hand up tonight, come and get a booklet.
If you got saved another night and you haven't got a booklet, come and get a booklet.
If you want to get right with God, come and speak to me.
And the prayer ministry will be over here.
But let's sing this and mean it prayerfully together.
So...
Do you believe God wants you full of the Holy Spirit?
Do you?
Well, it's sounding like it when you're singing.
Seriously.
Do you desperate to be possessed by God?
Some of you are possessed with someone else.
I'm not joking.
Some of you are possessed with other things that you need to get out.
Come and get prayer.
But do you really want to be all out and out for God?
It's not so much you have of the Holy Spirit as how much of you does the Holy Spirit have?
Ah, that's a different thing.
Now, if you mean this, sing it out with all your heart.
Prayer, Holy.
Sing it out.
Sing it out with all your living God.
that will seal tonight in the boat of your heart.
Father, I pray that you will breathe your breath, your wind.
Blow, breathe upon us.
Ruach of God.
Numa of God.
Come, you are God, this Spirit.
Come and breathe.
And may people be born of the wind tonight.
Born of this Spirit.
Born again.
You burst in this barn.
Come and baptize your people afresh like you did at Pentecost.
Lord, we need a baptism of fire, a baptism of power, a baptism of love, a baptism of grace, a baptism of wisdom, a baptism of peace, a baptism of joy.
Come and baptize us and fill us up and refill us and deliver people who are possessed and filled with other things.
Oh, come Lord Jesus and come and heal.
Release your gifts of healing tonight in this place.
Wisdom, knowledge, revelation, but all sorts of gifts of healing and may.
May signs and wonders follow the preaching of the gospel tonight.
For the glory of Jesus, we worship you Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
Try you in God that you're with us.
You're with us.
And we pray for revival.
We talk about revival, but you are revival.
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
and let us be possessed by you, and will not need revival will happen.